Alice Wood - 52207065
Layout: 
- Home page: In the home page, I wanted a simple yet eyecatching layout in order to engage the user. I used headings using the h2 element to indicate what each paragraph was about as well as using images to break the info up. I placed the map towards the right, as I think it flows better to read about Aberdeen first as background knowledge before looking at the map. I outlined the map in order to enhance it. I used the image placements to engage the user further.
- History Page: I decided that the history page should hold more text content in order for  the website visitors to collect some background history, adding an image on this page allows the users to visualise what Aberdeen is like. I included an external link for Robert the Bruce as I assume non-scottish web users will not know who he is, this allows users to extend there research further.   
- Visit Page: I used a 7:5 column ratio within this page, this separates the information. I also added bootstrap pop ups for more information about the attractions, i think this break the information up a little bit and gives the user more interaction within this website. 

Navigation: 
- All pages include the same navigation, this provides order and consistency to the website. I used buttons with links, using the <a> tag, to each page forming navigation bar. When hovering over a button, the button will change color, showing which buttons you can select. As well as having active buttons, this meaning whichever page the user is on, the button will be a different shade of purple. This allows the user to clearly see which page they are currently on. 
- I also added icons to the nav buttons, I think this make it clear to what each page is about but also gives an nice presentation.

Color Choices: 
- I used the colour purple for the theme of my website. The main heading of each page is purple, as are subheading and borders. I think this makes the website look clear and distinct. I tried to make the background purple however I thought it made the pictures look misplaces and some of the colours within the pictures clashed, therefore I selected a consistent white background as a contrast to the bold purple colour. This makes the text easier to read and accessible. I added a solid purple line to separate the header and the main body of each page. I consistently did this on each page so the user can become familiar with the layout and colour scheme. Although there isn't an association with the colour purple and Aberdeen, I chose purple as it is eye catching and vibrant. A colour that is associated with Aberdeen is grey, as Aberdeen is known for its granite buildings, however, I thought this would make the website look dull and unappealing. 

Challenges faced:
- A challenge that I faced was whilst doing a git commits within the terminal. I had to generate a token and use that token to sign into my git account instead of my password. I realised this after several failed attempts to use my password, I researched to why this was happening and found that git had enhanced their authentication and used a token instead of a password. 
- Another challenge that I face was with the 7:5 ratio, mainly with figuring out the inital set up. It took me a while to understand that the 7:5 ratio was 12 columns split by 7 and 5. And when trying to place my boxes, I had to select how many columns I wanted the box to take up, this took me a while to get the sizing correct to how I wanted them. As well as styling these boxes, I found it hard to keep the boxes where they were without moving up or down within the styles I was using. 
- I struggled to connect my git to the Codio, it took some time to link my git and codio but part of this challenge was not being able to use my password as a token was needed instead.  
- General styles: I struggled with some basic styles as I started without an external styles sheet. Therefore, I had all of the styles internally within the html pages. This made code replication present but also made some issues as depending on where I put the style and what it affected may have been different to what I wanted. Therefore, it was easier to have an external styles sheet in order to apply styles to multiple tags/code, as well as also having some internal styles too. This also made my html coding a lot clearer as they were less styles. 

